Selling some or all of your precious metals
holdings can seem a daunting endeavor at first.
Gainesville Coins makes the process simple
and straightforward.
Additionally, since Gainesville Coins is one
of the largest global dealers in precious
metals we're able to offer among the best
prices for gold, silver and other precious
metal bullion.
The process for selling gold and silver to
Gainesville Coins involves two steps.
Sending your precious metal to Gainesville
coins; locking in a sales price.
Coins.
Contact the Gainesville Coins traders for
the premiums to be offered on the items you
wish to sell.
You'll be given a confirmation code that represents
the price in relation to spot Gainesville
Coins will buy your gold and silver.
Download and fill out the packing slip found
in the “Sell Your Coins” tab on our website.
Include the confirmation code on the packing
slip.
Securly package and mail your precious metals
to Gainesville Coins.
When your package arrives, Gainesville Coins
will inventory the contents of your package.
This process could take until the next business
day to complete, depending on the time the
package arrives and the volume of packages
to be inventoried.
Locking in a sale price.
Once your package has been inventoried, a
Gainesville Coins Trader will contact you
to lock in the final sale price.
The confirmation code will determine the premium,
if any, to be applied to the final sale price.
You have two business days to lock in a price.
After two business days you would be required
to have your item shipped back to you at your
expense or have them put into Gainesville
Coins Storage.
Once the sale price has been agreed to Gainesville
Coins will immediately send an email with
the final sale price and method of payment.
You can choose to have a business check mailed
to you or have the funds left on account for
a future purchase.
Gainesville Coins can bankwire the funds or
send a check overnight, but these will require
an additional fee.
Once you have confirmed the email payment
will be sent or applied to your account.
Finally, investors that choose to store their
metals in Gainesville Coins Storage can call
our trading floor during normal business hours
to sell all or part of their gold and silver
holdings.
A trader will confirm the items in storage
and provide the current premium, if any, in
relation to spot, which Gainesville Coins
will purchase a particular coin or bar.
Once a sales price has been agreed to, Gainesville
Coins will immediately send you an email with
the final sale price and method of payment.
Once you have confirmed the email, your payment
will be sent or applied to your account.